opening /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/UMIcounts.bin
read /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/UMIcounts.bin
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/A4/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/A3/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/A1/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/A2/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/A5/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/A6/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/A7/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/A8/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/A9/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/A10/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/A11/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/A12/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/B1/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/B2/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/B3/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/B4/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/B5/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/B6/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/B7/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/B8/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/B9/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/B10/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/B11/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/B12/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/C1/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/C2/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/C3/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/C4/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/C5/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/C6/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/C7/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/C8/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/C9/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/C10/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/C11/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/D1/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/C12/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/D2/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/D3/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/D4/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/D5/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/D6/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/D7/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/D8/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/D9/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/D10/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/D11/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/D12/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/E1/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/E2/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/E3/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/E4/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/E5/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/E6/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/E7/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/E8/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/E9/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/E10/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/E11/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/E12/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/F1/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/F2/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/F3/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/F4/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/F5/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/F6/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/F7/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/F8/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/F9/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/F10/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/F11/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/F12/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/G1/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/G2/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/G3/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/G4/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/G5/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/G6/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/G7/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/G8/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/G9/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/G10/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/G11/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/G12/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/H1/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/H2/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/H3/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/H4/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/H5/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/H6/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/H7/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/H8/all.sam
thread 0 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/H9/all.sam
thread 1 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/H10/all.sam
thread 2 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/H11/all.sam
thread 3 of 4 working on /mnt/backup/DetoxS/UMITestShort/Aligns/H12/all.sam
